Could do something on Git.

Working with JSON

Working with YAML

Using CiscoConfParse

Managing Python libraries in some way

Sending an email notification based on some event.

Using Netmiko

Using Arista's eAPI

Using NX-API

Jinja2 templating

NAPALM

Writing reusable Python code

Using PyEZ

SSH and concurrency



1. Create a new Git repository either only in the lab environment or in GitHub and the lab environment (preferred).
    a. Check these exercises into this repository (try to avoid adding any passwords into the repository).
    b. Fork the Netmiko repository into your GitHub account
    c. Create a copy of this fork on the local AWS server.
    d. Make a change to your copy of the repo and push it up to your GitHub repo
    e. Use pip install -e to make your copy of Netmiko live in your virtual environment

2. Working with YAML
    a. Create a YAML file that represents two network devices pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2.
    b. Make the key-value pairs associated with these two networking devices exactly match the arguments required for a netmiko
       connection.
    c. Write a Python script that reads in these two devices stored in the YAML file and connects to them.
    d. Print out the router's prompt to verify that you are connected to each of them.
    e. Bonus: Make the SSH connection concurrently using threads

3. Create NAPALM a script that connects to srx1 and retrieves the LLDP information. Email this information to yourself.

4. Use Netmiko and TextFSM to retrieve show ip int brief from a device as structured data.

5. Use NAPALM and a merge operation to configure an IP interface on the two NX-OS devices. Use NAPALM's ping operation to make sure you can ping across
the two links.
   a. Use Jinja2 templating to configure BGP on each side of the IP interface.
   b. Use get_bgp_neighbors to verify that the BGP peer reached the established state on each side of the link.

6. Use CiscoConfParse to find X child objects inside of a parent context.
   a. Do what with this. Reconfigure it a different way. Email it?

7. Use Netmiko to secure copy a file to pynet-rtr2. Make sure the file MD5 checks and the file size is correct.
   a. Use Netmiko to delete that file off of the flash on the file system.
   b. Turn on Netmiko logging to get additional logging information about a session.
   c. How to handle additional Netmiko prompting.


